README.md, before:

![](./docs/assets/cover.png)

![Obsidian Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?logo=obsidian&color=%23483699&label=downloads&query=%24%5B%22dashboards%22%5D.downloads&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fobsidianmd%2Fobsidian-releases%2Fmaster%2Fcommunity-plugin-stats.json)

Dashboards is an [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/) plugin. Design your own personalized dashboard or home page. Dashboards offers flexible grid configurations, allowing you to choose from various layouts such as 1x2, 2x2, 3x3, and more. Each grid contains containers where you can embed different elements, including vault files, code blocks, or external urls.

If you are looking for the plugin that was formally called `Dashboards` please see [DataLoom](https://github.com/trey-wallis/obsidian-dataloom)

Support development

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/treywallis" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
<img width="180px" src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&amp;emoji=&amp;slug=treywallis&amp;button_colour=6a8695&amp;font_colour=ffffff&amp;font_family=Poppins&amp;outline_colour=000000&amp;coffee_colour=FFDD00" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="?text=Buy me a coffee&amp;emoji=&amp;slug=treywallis&amp;button_colour=6a8695&amp;font_colour=ffffff&amp;font_family=Poppins&amp;outline_colour=000000&amp;coffee_colour=FFDD00"></a>

## About

-   [Screenshots](#screenshots)
-   [Getting started](#getting-started)
-   [License](#license)

## Screenshots

Create a grid layout

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-empty.png" width="800">

Add embedded content with ease

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-full.png" width="800">

Use many different layouts

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-grid.png" width="800">

## Getting Started

1. Create a new dashboard file
2. Choose your layout in by using the dropdown in the upper righthand corner
3. In each container, choose a vault file, a code block, or a external link to embed

### Code blocks

Embed any Obsidian code block using the [normal code block syntax](https://help.obsidian.md/Editing+and+formatting/Basic+formatting+syntax#Code+blocks). This may be used to render [Dataview](https://github.com/blacksmithgu/obsidian-dataview), DataviewJS, or [Tasks](https://github.com/obsidian-tasks-group/obsidian-tasks) plugin code blocks.

### Links

Any website will automatically be embedded in an iFrame

## License

Dashboards is distributed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/trey-wallis/obsidian-dashboards/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Handle embed links (#12)
* fix: resolve dataview links

* fix: stop remove button from shifting content

* docs: add information about using ctrl

README.md, after:

![](./docs/assets/cover.png)

![Obsidian Downloads](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?logo=obsidian&color=%23483699&label=downloads&query=%24%5B%22dashboards%22%5D.downloads&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fobsidianmd%2Fobsidian-releases%2Fmaster%2Fcommunity-plugin-stats.json)

Dashboards is an [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/) plugin. Design your own personalized dashboard or home page. Dashboards offers flexible grid configurations, allowing you to choose from various layouts such as 1x2, 2x2, 3x3, and more. Each grid contains containers where you can embed different elements, including vault files, code blocks, or external urls.

If you are looking for the plugin that was formally called `Dashboards` please see [DataLoom](https://github.com/trey-wallis/obsidian-dataloom)

Support development

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/treywallis" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
<img width="180px" src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&amp;emoji=&amp;slug=treywallis&amp;button_colour=6a8695&amp;font_colour=ffffff&amp;font_family=Poppins&amp;outline_colour=000000&amp;coffee_colour=FFDD00" referrerpolicy="no-referrer" alt="?text=Buy me a coffee&amp;emoji=&amp;slug=treywallis&amp;button_colour=6a8695&amp;font_colour=ffffff&amp;font_family=Poppins&amp;outline_colour=000000&amp;coffee_colour=FFDD00"></a>

## About

-   [Screenshots](#screenshots)
-   [Getting started](#getting-started)
-   [Embeddable Items](#embeddable-items)
-   [License](#license)

## Screenshots

Create a grid layout

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-empty.png" width="800">

Add embedded content with ease

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-full.png" width="800">

Use many different layouts

<img src="./docs/assets/dashboard-grid.png" width="800">

## Getting Started

1. Create a new dashboard file by right clicking a folder and clicking "New dashboard" or click the Gauge icon on the left sidebar.
2. Choose your grid layout using the dropdown in the upper righthand corner
3. In each container click one of the embed buttons and enter the content you wish to embed. You may choose from a vault file, a code block, or a external link.

### Removing an embed

To remove an embed from a container, hold down ctrl (Windows) or cmd (Mac) and hover over a container to show the remove button. Then click the remove button

### Embeddable Items

## Files

Any vault files may be embedded into a container

## Code blocks

Embed any Obsidian code block using the [normal code block syntax](https://help.obsidian.md/Editing+and+formatting/Basic+formatting+syntax#Code+blocks). This may be used to render [Dataview](https://github.com/blacksmithgu/obsidian-dataview), DataviewJS, or [Tasks](https://github.com/obsidian-tasks-group/obsidian-tasks) plugin code blocks.

## Links

Any website will automatically be embedded in an iFrame

## License

Dashboards is distributed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/trey-wallis/obsidian-dashboards/blob/master/LICENSE)
